---
layout: post
title:  Advanced Functions
categories: [JavaScrip,Functions,Objects, Arrays]
excerpt: Functions - Functions in Javascript are the actions that the code takes to solve problems or calculations, it can be used under the function keyword. It is the return that allows new information to be entered and processed in an organized arrangement.
---

•	What is recursion?
Recursion is the process that calls different variables to repeat an action to fulfill an established function. It is widely used for the ease of entering new information and accommodating it.

      int fact(int n)
      {
      if (n < = 1)
           return 1;
          else    
        return n*fact(n-1);    
      }

•	What are Scopes and Closures in Javascript?
The scope is best defined as the place where the JS code will live. Usually the scope can be locally or also globally. We could also call it as the scope that it has to give accessibility to the variables.
A closure is a secondary function that lives inside another function that we will call a primary function. The secondary function can only be called with the variables that are defined within the primary function.

      Function doSomething() {
	      Var name = “Raul Mandujano”;
	    Function showSomething() {
	    	alert(name);
      }
       	showSomething();
      }
      doSomething();
•	Why is understanding scopes and closures important?
Scope and closures are important because they both work with variables and functions. Both help the main function of the code to decide where and how it is to be used. Scope defines where and what is used when closure uses the secondary code depending on the primary code.
•	What is the Spread Operator?
The spread operator allows a code to be expanded and used more than once in order to fulfill the function of calling functions to multiple arrays.

      Function myFunction(x, y) {
      	return x + y;
      }
      var data =[1,2];
      var result = myFunction(…data);
      console.log(result);
•	When is it useful?
The spread operator works to be able to do sums, copy, add new elements or it can also be useful to move elements from an array to as a parameter.
